Hello and welcome to today's video tutorial
I would like to wait for you to tell something about Boban
not always never
usually knows the youth
Stander prefectures are housed and primarily have the purpose of light
bundle up
say to avoid stray light but is today for use in Baden
at
Light-formal larger type speak also the boxes
one or the other
it will have been seen all are professional studio area
Often, such frosts still use boxes to be used
but has been prone to such investment at Sonova
sometimes costs just as much as the soft box itself
that was wonderful but can be useful I want you to one of
explain a little practical example
we Amir our model that does not promise
a classic portrait perspective on the light
in 5 40 degree angle approximately from Dr
higher percent
cheap is being lit
and we have in the case
then a huge problem
if we purposefully still our background light behind at the accident it is
a white wall
externally or separately separates taxes want rules that is
you probably do not just work with a light form
but we do not want to be around for the background with anyone else
other flashlights work
speak make the background for yourself
but if we have relocated our model relatively background and come along
a juice bar Xen the larger of here different model trains
and accordingly and use free decision makers appropriate color
we are making the problem in front of this light
the similar formalities in our case the soft boxes do not scatter so much
sends out sends
the dr background
still relatively heavily illuminated by this soft box
yes I've photographed you the whole forfait times
and planned that one
and from the result you can already see that the area
to the left of the model
even Weller gets a lot of flare light from this soft box
I want to avoid that
It really only remains the possibility of the light ahead of ours
Softbox so a honeycomb buckle
which is attached with Velcro percent
and swallows in the case
about seven tenths
around me welded seven-tenths of a complete aperture so always off
think
if not complains live images, for example, would like to create soon
as well as box with or without barber
we have now claim that I am first at the Staufen box or have been
measured in camera direction
the Wonderwall made that one exact aperture here 8 so became the motif
photographed
and
If we look at these a few throws before that percent in front of the SOF boxing phrases
we lose exactly seven-tenths of a complete aperture
to illuminate the model again too high
I just have to be corrected according to the places
and how he sees in the picture with the stretcher what is shown again
that just the area to the left of the model
Almost almost black
Of course that depends a bit on the distance with which the model
to stand against the background for our case is about one and a half
Meter the result would be so
Year to be much stronger
if we put the model further away from the background
and it depends on Prozaus Knauss on it with what background
to edit
speak also with white background have gray background or black ones
Peter Groth
therefore
whoever is dependent on the percent of the main light source as possible
little to 2 almost no light on the background falls from this
Main light source around which can not help but have a corresponding was before
The light format to strap and thus has the possibility of the light
much better to taxes
that was it
I wish you lots of fun while copying a lot of fun sweet and up to date
nothing to do